Create SECURITY.md (#237)
MicroUtils/kotlin-logging: SECURITY.md

## Reporting security issues

Please report security issues related to the project to the
following email address:

   ohadshai(at)gmail.com

## Verifying contents

> All SLF4J project artifacts published on Maven central are signed. For

Reviewer: probably didn't mean SLF4J here. 

```suggestion
All `kotlin-logging` project artifacts published on Maven central are signed. For
```
